well howdy there know the people it's Bo
Guerra
so today we are going to talk about our
rhetoric what it is what it's designed
to do and what it does and in order to
do that we're going to talk about a
Congress person named Ken Buck Ken Buck
out of Colorado I believe he is from the
fourth District we're gonna talk about
him because he released a video now a
legislators job what they're supposed to
do is debate discuss things convince the
opposing party to change their mind and
embrace their ideas they're supposed to
debate legislation introduced
legislation sponsored bills and that
sort of stuff
vote that's the job of a legislator but
not for Ken buck not Kim buck because
he's gonna go that extra mile cuz he is
a patriot and he released a video using
a lot of rhetoric and what is rhetoric
designed to do inspire very much call to
action because that's what real Patriots
do if you have not seen the video allow
me to describe it for you
there is our super Patriot Ken Buck
standing in his office because he is a
just good red-blooded American on the
wall behind him is an AR and of course
that AR is covered in American flags
isn't that adorable he goes through his
little speech in which he names opposing
politicians and then it grabs that rifle
come and take it
so rather than do your job and convince
the opposing party of your position
using logic and trying to debate it you
go straight for that weapon you know
that's one of the worries of those in
favor of gun control right if people go
do it too quickly that they don't
exhaust all other options first it's one
of the worries another one is untrained
people playing with weapons
that you doesn't it serve I am fairly
certain that you're not really
comfortable with that number one your
charging handles back number two by the
way you're holding it I can tell by the
placement of one finger you're not
actually comfortable with that thing
you've never trained with that have you
not for its intended purpose you're not
really the Super Soldier Warrior are you
that brings me to my final point and why
fairly certain you've never trained with
that particular rifle if you are going
to level threats at people and you want
to portray yourself as the super
tough-guy warrior I strongly suggest you
have sights on your rifle sir that
particular rifle is flat on the top it's
not designed like that to look cool
that's a you can mount optics on it and
you never did that it's never been fired
has it tough guy when you use that kind
of rhetoric it doesn't appeal to anybody
who actually knows anything about
violence you don't look tough it only
appeals to people who aren't trained it
only appeals to people who really don't
understand you're a congress person
you're supposed to be respectable you're
supposed to set the example and be a
leader people like you are why there was
a twitch streamer a live streamer the
other day who pulled out his pistol
doing the same thing using it as a prop
guns are not toys
sir using it as a prop he chambered
around and then when he went to clear it
he forgot to drop the magazine so when
he racked that slide it ejected the
first round put the second round and it
he pulled the trigger
somebody could've got killed because he
was using it as a prop like you a
congressperson
you're supposed to set the example in
fact as you are you're not setting a
good one though what do people hear
those untrained people come and take it
well my Congress person said not to give
up my god so when somebody who may be a
little off gets a red flag notice and
the cops show up to take it what's he
gonna do flag covered coffin sir and
here's your fault because you can't
debate don't know how to actually run a
campaign want to appeal to people who
think that looks tough you do not
impress me sir your disappointment and
for the record I am a stronger Second
Amendment supporter than you will ever
be
you need to rethink your campaign you
are doing a disservice to your calls
into your community you aren't a tough
guy and you're not a killer and that's a
good thing you're not supposed to be
you're supposed to be somebody who uses
logic and persuasion not intimidation
anyway it's just a fault you have a good
day